                            CACKey 201207191606

Release information:
    pkg: CACKey version 201207191606
   date: Thu Jul 19 16:06:56 UTC 2012
 author: US Army Corps of Engineers
contact: Roy Keene <email no longer valid>
         US Army Corps of Engineers
         Information Technology Laboratory
         Vicksburg, MS 39180
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

With the exceptions noted below, the files in this directory and the
'leakcheck' subdirectory are Copyright 2012, Lockheed Martin
Corporation.

The U.S. Government has Unlimited Rights in this computer software
pursuant to the clause DFARS 252.227-7014 of contract No.
W91WMC-07-D-0001. Any reproduction of this computer software, or
portions thereof, marked with this legend must also reproduce these
markings.

The files this project developed in the performance of contract
W91WMC-07-D-0001 (see exceptions below) are authorized for
distribution by the United States Government under the following
license:  

LICENSE (MIT)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

EXCEPTIONS

The following files in this directory are the intellectual property of
the Free Software Foundation and are licensed under the terms of
GPL-2.0-with-autoconf-exception: config.guess, config.sub

The followig files in this directory are the intellectual property of
the X Consortium, and are licensed under the X11 license: install.sh

The following files in this directory are the intellectual property of
RSA Data Security, Inc., and are licensed under terms specified
therein: md5.h, md5.c These files are "derived from the RSA Data
Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm".

The following files in this directory are from RFC 3174, are the
intellectual property of the Internet Society, and are licensed under
terms specified therein: sha1.c, sha1.h

The files in the "pkcs11/" directory are licensed under the terms of the
following licenses:
	mypkcs11.h : GNU Lesser General Public License 2.1.
	pkcs11.h   : GNU Lesser General Public License 2.1.
	pkcs11f.h  : GNU Lesser General Public License 2.1.
	pkcs11n.h  : Mozilla Public License 2.0
	pkcs11t.h  : GNU Lesser General Public License 2.1.
